fork api (#944)
openml/openml-python: doc/progress.rst

0.11.0
~~~~~~

> * ADD #929: Add data edit API and Fork API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ADD #929: Add ``edit_dataset`` and ``fork_dataset`` to allow editing and forking of uploaded datasets.
```
